CERN Open Hardware Licence Version 2 - Permissive

Preamble

CERN has developed this licence to promote collaboration among
hardware designers and to provide a legal tool which supports the
freedom to use, study, modify, share and distribute hardware designs
and products based on those designs. Version 2 of the CERN Open
Hardware Licence comes in three variants: this licence, CERN-OHL-P
(permissive); and two reciprocal licences: CERN-OHL-W (weakly
reciprocal) and CERN-OHL-S (strongly reciprocal).

The CERN-OHL-P is copyright CERN 2020. Anyone is welcome to use it,
in unmodified form only.

Licence

1 Definitions

In this Licence, the following terms have the following meanings:
  
  a) “Licence” means this CERN-OHL-P.
  
  b) “Source” means information such as design materials or digital
     code which can be applied to make or test a Product or to
     prepare a Product for use, conveyance or sale, regardless of its
     medium or how it is expressed. It includes Notices.
  
  c) “Product” means any device, component, work or physical
     implementation, whether in finished or intermediate form,
     arising from the Source.
  
  d) “Licensee” or “You” means any person exercising rights under
     this Licence.
  
  e) “Licensor” means a person who distributes Source, or modified
     versions of the Source, under the terms of this Licence.
  
  f) “Notice” means copyright, acknowledgement and trademark notices,
     references to the location of any notices relating to this
     Licence, and all notices that refer to this Licence.

2 Applicability

2.1 This Licence governs the use, copying, modification,
communication to the public and distribution of the Source, and the
making and distribution of Products.

2.2 By exercising any right granted under this Licence, You accept,
and agree to be bound by, its terms.

3 Copying, modification, communication and distribution of the Source

You may copy, modify, communicate to the public and distribute the
Source, provided that You retain Notices.

4 Making and distribution of Products

You may make Products, and distribute them, provided that You retain
Notices.

5 Warranty disclaimer and liability

5.1 DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY -- The Source and Products are provided
‘as is’ and any express or implied warranties, including, but not
limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, of satisfactory
quality, non-infringement of third-party rights, and fitness for a
particular purpose or use are disclaimed in respect of any Source or
Product to the maximum extent permitted by law. The entire risk as
to the use, quality, and performance of the Source or Products shall
be with You and not the Licensor. This disclaimer of warranty is an
essential part of this Licence and a condition for the grant of any
rights granted under this Licence.

5.2 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY -- To the maximum extent permitted by
law, in no event will the Licensor be liable for any direct, indirect,
special, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not
limited to, loss of profit, loss of use, loss of data, or claims by
third parties) arising from the use of the Source or Products, or any
modifications to them, even if the Licensor has been advised of the
possibility of such damages.

6 General

6.1 If any provision of this Licence is held to be invalid or
unenforceable, the remaining provisions will remain in full force and
effect.

6.2 This Licence shall not be enforceable except by a Licensor acting
as such, and third-party beneficiary rights are specifically
excluded.

Notices

You should include a copy of this Licence with every copy of the
Source and Product You distribute. You may also include additional
notices relevant to the Source alongside this Licence, provided that
such notices do not modify or limit the terms of this Licence.

SPDX-License-Identifier: CERN-OHL-P-2.0
